TELCODOCS-964: Adding procedure for adding kernel arguments in ZTP (#55012)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-setting-managed-bare-metal-host-kernel-arguments-manual-workflow.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-deploying-far-edge-sites.adoc

[id="setting-managed-bare-metal-host-kernel-arguments_{context}"]

> = Setting managed bare-metal host kernel arguments

Reviewer: Again, I would like to see this title be more descriptive of the actual task to differentiate it in Google searches, etc.

> Specify kernel arguments for a Discovery ISO to customize the boot process in managed bare-metal hosts. This is useful for clusters with specific environmental requirements. For example, configure the `rd.net.timeout.carrier` kernel argument to facilitate static networking or to receive a DHCP address before downloading the root file system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify custom kernel arguments in the Discovery ISO that you use to manually install managed hosts with GitOps ZTP. This is useful for clusters with specific environmental requirements. For example, configure the `rd.net.timeout.carrier` kernel argument to facilitate static networking or to receive a DHCP address before downloading the root file system. 
```

Author: Re-wrote the first lines

In {product-title} {product-version}, you can only add kernel arguments. You can not replace or delete kernel arguments.
====

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (oc).
* You have logged in to the hub cluster as a user with cluster-admin privileges.
* You have manually generated the installation and configuration custom resources (CRs).

.Procedure

. Edit the `spec.kernelArguments` specification in the `InfraEnv` CR to configure kernel arguments:

[source,yaml,options="nowrap",role="white-space-pre"]
----
apiVersion: agent-install.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: InfraEnv
metadata:
  name: <cluster_name>
  namespace: <cluster_name>
spec:
  kernelArguments:
    - operation: append <1>
      value: audit=0 <2>
    - operation: append
      value: trace=1
  clusterRef:
    name: <cluster_name>
    namespace: <cluster_name>
  pullSecretRef:
    name: pull-secret
----
<1> Specify the append operation to add a kernel argument.
<2> Specify the kernel argument you want to configure. This example configures the audit kernel argument and the trace kernel argument.

[NOTE]
====
The `SiteConfig` CR generates the `InfraEnv` resource as part of the day-0 installation CRs.
====

> .Verification

Reviewer: Same comments from other section

To verify that the kernel arguments are applied to the managed bare-metal host, enter a debug session on the target host before the cluster is installed and view the kernel arguments in the `/proc/cmdline` file.

. Enter into a debug session on the target node: 
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap",role="white-space-pre"]
----
$ oc debug node/<cluster_node>
----

. Set `/host` as the root directory within the debug shell prompt:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap",role="white-space-pre"]
----
# chroot /host
----

. View the system's kernel arguments by using the following command:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap",role="white-space-pre"]
----

> $ cat /proc/cmdline

Reviewer: Would be nice to show example of the applied params
